
This in class, I was introduced to to the world of open source software development and learned about the pros and
cons of using it. Open source technology is something I already used without even realizing it. Some examples are
Linux Visual Studio Code, and Python. I can already see how open source is a good thing, as it allows more and more
people to use them and promotes collaboration. However, there are arguments against open source, such as the one made 
by Steve Ballmer who said, "Linux is a cancer that attaches itself in an intellectual property sense to everything it 
touches." Ballmer suggests that open source does not protect intellectual property. However, open source allows people to 
learn from your product and offer their own solutions to problems many other people are probably facing.

Open source, however, is not the same as Free Software. Free software is an ideology that anyone can have the freedom to run, 
copy, distribute, study, change and improve the software. The reason behind this is to give more power to the user in that the 
user can manipulate the program to their own choosing to satisfy their own needs. The term free does not refer to a price. In 
open source, the code is only available to the public, but still protected under its licensing. Open source does not protect 
the right to distribution of modified code.

The activity for the week was to contribute to Openstreetmap, a collaborative project that allows people to edit maps. To my 
surprise, a lot of buildings near my home have not been added to this map, and I found this both frustrating and surprising. 
But, I liked the idea behind the project as there are many new changes in my area, such as new businesses and road changes 
that have yet to be added by Google Maps. I believe this project could allow maps to updated faster.

Some of the additions I made to the map are: adding two pharmacies (Walgreens and Rite Aid), adding my High School, a supermarket that my family like to shop from called “A World of Spice”, and a local Car Wash in my Area.

View my edits here:
https://www.openstreetmap.org/user/rramnauth11/history#map=16/40.8380/-73.8482

