## Open Source Initiatve and Starting A New Project!

  Since the beginning of the course, I have heard countless benefits of the open source movement. It promotes people of all backgrounds to collaborate on projects and provides the public with free software. This week we had a guest speaker,Patrick Mason, to again speak about the benefits of open source. He talked about job postings that either looked for or required experience in contributing to open source projects. I, however, have not seen such a requirement for job postings in New York City. The most shocking thing from his presentation is that developers often contribute to companies that they do not work for. This appeared strange to me because it does not seem like a good idea to help a company you are supposedly competing with. However, I have realized that the open source movement about making better software and being a better programmer, and that working together is more productive than competing against one another. 

  This week, alot of progress has been made with the [OSNY](https://github.com/opensource-ny/OpenSource-NY/issues) project. The repository now has a license, README, and contributing files. The repository also details how to setup the programming environment. I followed the instructions posted in the readme, and I found them easy to follow and had no issued installing the software, so no issues there! The project will be using React, Express, and PostgreSQL. This week, I made my first [pull request](https://github.com/opensource-ny/OpenSource-NY/pull/50) to update the README and I waiting for it to either be accepted or denied. Now that the repository has been set up, I hope to contribute more the project!
