### Evaluating Open Source Projects
Last week, we evaluated projects with a given set of guidelines to determine if they are good projects for us to contribute. I found the assignment very useful, as it allowed me to explore Github features such as Insights, which contains lists of contributors, the community members, and recent pull requests and issues. 

I learned that even the most large and active projects lack some of the most basic features of an open source. For example, [Netflix-Conductor](https://github.com/Netflix/conductor)  lacks a Code of Conduct file. Some projects lack detailed documentation on how to set up the environment on user's local machine. I found this very frustrating, but I guess it would make a good issue to report. :+1:

To me to worse part of the assignment was calculating the average amount of days it took for pull requests, issues, and commits to be addressed. I understood, why it was an important aspect to report on, as it helps determine how active the project is. However, Github itself provides no method of find the average times. This must be calculated manually, which was **incredibly time consuming** and increases the chance of making mathematical errors. (I later on learned that [Openhub.net](Openhub.net) had a cool feature that reports the number of lines in a project.)

I wished the assignment had asked what the project itself does and if it sounded like something we would contribute to. I think it is important that potential contributors pick a project that they genuinely think is interesting, rather than to contribute for the recognition.

### This week I reported some small issues in my classmates’ blog posts.

1. [Small error in Eli10's week 2 blog](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr19/Eli10-weekly/issues/10)
2. [Small error in Ejguzm19's week 2 blog](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr19/ejguzm19-weekly/issues/1)

